welcome to the neighborhood Club of
Quincy relocated a block away from the
John Quincy Adams estate a National
Historic Site
unlike McNally 54th president of this
club and if you give me a minute I'll
show you why the neighborhood cuddle
Quincy should be a part of you are very
special not
hi my name is Wendy I'm here at the
neighborhood club of Quincy our policy
here is to make everyone's dream come
true we work with the bride-and-groom
from the time they came through the door
until the time they leave to go on their
wonderful honeymoon we're here to
provide and make everyone's dreams come
true hi my name is Joel Hathaway I'm the
Executive Chef here at the neighborhood
Club in Quincy tonight we have a wedding
of about 140 people tonight on the menu
you have a lovely stationary display
they're also having pacified bears
we have a wonderful buffet as well roast
sirloin chicken piccata we have some
Duchess potatoes and a pasta station to
include squash raviolis in order for
Chitty bolognaise if there's anything
you like it's out of a normal we'd be
happy to accommodate you in any way we
can
you